# FatFur Paradise Park
This was my FatFur World intended for my now defunct Group and Discord server. 
The original world was created with the perpose of keeping trolls and other malicious users out of the world for a safe place for FatFurs. The purpose of the world has become a complete failure. So on May 1st, 2026, I've stop updating the world with new content, and have permanantly shut down the VRChat Group and Discord Server.
On June 25th 2026, VRChat had removed the world from VRChat for "Adult Sexual Activity and Nudity" even though the world did not contain any explicit content, and my appeal was denied with what feels like a generic message. I'm currently in talks with some people to keep the world up in other ways, so people can still access the world in some form without me dealing with the trouble.
I won't reupload the world, but the world may return as multible reuploads to try and keep it on VRChat, They never say what part exactly broke their community guidelines, and some people I've been in talks with, do believe that most of the content that was recently moderated could be some form of AI doing these or a group of trolls. I don't know if it's true or not but might as well just say what I know. My FatFur world wasn't the only one effected by these moderation waves either; My friend Dragon Jak's "Gastro Park" was also effected, and other Vore-related content creators have also exppressed they gotten effected by these as well. VRChat as of recently, feels like its gotten risky to make content for, some people have expressed these feelings from what other people have been saying, that I heard.
